# Maked_Face_ecognition

The COVID-19 virus can transmit by touch and infected materials. For biometric or security systems, recognition and identification techniques obligate the touch of devices, which make coronavirus spreads rapidly. Therefore, face recognition is one of the solution to handle biometric or security systems and avoid touching devices. Wearing a facemask by a healthy and contaminated population greatly decreases the spread of the virus. Apart from corona, fraud and robbers take advantage of the disguise, robbing and committing offenses which wearing special masks to be unknown, and nose covering for cold regions (Alaska, Russia, and Canada …etc.). However, when wearing masks, face recognition techniques will not get results because of masking the important parts in the face that allow the identification, such as the nose, and the mouth. The face masking is the most difficult facial occlusion problem nowadays, but researchers still make it a challenge to tackle it using several techniques such as matching approach, restoration method, Discard Occlusion based method, and Convolutional Neural Network Techniques (Deep-learning) that based on hard training. Moreover, the principal aim of this paper is to recognize faces that wear masks using an efficient approach based on the field of the deep convolutional neural network to recognize faces that are wearing masks and predict its names using well known databases (Labeled faces in the wild “LFW”, and Real world Masked Face Recognition Database “RMFD”). Databases contain masked and unmasked faces with different poses and expressions. Unmasked faces are using to extract feature from it, nose and mouth which are predictable region and estimate them if the face is masked, which help us to get efficient occlusion results later, and Masked faces are with different masking levels such as mask only mouth, or masking both mouth and nose regions. Masked faces help us to train our system hardly to get an efficient result. 
